all right now let me bring in a guy who
is all over the headlines right now
rumor to be playing Richard Pryor in a
new movie please welcome a man Nick
Cannon great to see you to see you as
well now I know we just wrapped out not
too long ago button tell me about these
Richard Pryor rumors man that's kind of
cool well you know what it is cool what
they all just rumors really I mean
honestly there's a phenomenal director
obviously Lee Daniels and everything
from the butler to precious shoes he's
assigned to the project that's supposed
to be a film that he's gonna direct and
being that he's a personal friend of
mine you know I've had the opportunity
to kind of read with him and kind of
talk about it but you know in my mind I
was I'm trying to be the best man for
the role you know what I mean but
there's I'm pretty sure there's several
other people who would love to play this
role and I'm just saying you know may
the best man get it I know Lee's gonna
choose the best actor and it's funny
because a lot of people that are up for
the role of personal friends of mine and
everything too so I try to just fall
back in stuff it was crazy because I
start growing my hair and doing the look
and everything and everybody like the
rumors start right away but ultimately
man it's a dream project who wouldn't
want to be a part of that and you know
that the legendary story yeah that
legendary comic I mean he changed the
face of comedy so I would love that
opportunity iconic figure in
entertainment looks looks like having a
lot of fun over on a GT basis yes
season nine man it's the best season
we've had so far I mean the judges
Howard how we Mel B and Heidi they just
gelling in such a way I think that a bus
best judging panel on television and
then after that man it's like all that
the talent just shot up to the next
level we and last thing I heard about a
children's book coming out yeah that's
what's with the kids well what I wanted
to do because you know I feel away like
I really don't want my kids to be in
entertainment I always talk about that
but I understand how people have like
fallen in love with the characters and
who they are so I was like you know what
others designed children's books with
their characters in mind so they're like
the new Raggedy Ann and Andy it's called
The Adventures of rock and roll
going on right there